You scored a very good civil score
but you forgot to take advantage of it.  Yes,
you can get a discount of up to 15%
on health insurance premium.  ICIC has
brought its latest plan LBA plan.
Its name is Elvet.  This plan is giving you a
straight discount of up to 15% on the premium.
If your civil
score is good.  The plan is also good.  This
feature is also its latest and is
giving you a good discount.  Which does
not cause any harm to you.  It is not that
due to this discount there will be any reduction in your plan
or any rider will be added to it
or any condition will be applied.
No.  The plan will be yours as it is.
Your premium will simply reduce by 15%.  So
how does the discount work?  It is very simple.
Whatever your premium is,
15% will be deducted directly from it.  Suppose
your premium is ₹400, then 15% of ₹400
becomes ₹6000, ₹6000 is reduced, that is, your
premium will be ₹4000, that is, the
payment link that will come from the company will be for ₹34000 only,
you will not have to pay ₹400 only,
you will get this discount every time, even when you
take the policy for the first time, the
company is giving you a discount, even when you renew it,
you will get a discount.
What will have to be done for this, you will have to remind the agent
because it is possible that the agent may
not apply the discount to you without asking, then
you will have to remind him that
when I am renewing or when I am
taking the policy, apply my civil
discount in my policy and only
after that send me the link and
you can check this discount online also.
Visit the website of ICICI LBAD and
enter either your PAN number or your mobile number and you
can check how much civil
discount you are getting.  Keep in mind that the
mobile number you use in Civil must be the
same mobile number in your ICICI LBA policy
also.  Both
should match.  The civil discount you will get will be
based on your civil score.  So the
insurance company
ICICI LBA has created three slabs here.  See, if
your civil score is below 750 then you will
not get any discount.  But if
your score is between 750 to 775 then you will
get only 1% discount.  But
if your score is between 775 to 825 then
you will get a discount of 75% in the premium.  And
if your score is more than 825 then you will
get a direct discount of 15%.  So this
Elevate plan of ICICI LBD is also a
very good plan.  It also gives you unlimited bonuses.
It also gives you unlimited recharge
and also has the facility of unlimited claims.
And its premium is also very
good.  It is reasonable and after civil discount
it becomes a very attractive
pricing.  So your policy has
improved and your premium has also reduced.  That
means you are happy and your pocket is also
happy.  Stay connected
with Mr. Policy.  For such useful and informative videos.
Like, share, subscribe.
Thank you for watching.
O!